# CISC-187-CITY-Williams
This repo contains code for all the weekly programming assignments, I took this class over the summer so there might be a missing programming assignment or two.

Thanks for checking out the readme section. I will just give a couple words of advice for the class. Despite the class being fairly easy you can actually learn quite a bit about some of the elemetery data structures, if you do all of the programming assignments you will actually get a really good grasp on how to work with nodes and pointers and how they come together to create the various data structures. Make sure to check out the book because that is how you get started with most of the programming assignments. The quizzes are very easy, if you have previous programming experience you can answer most of the questions without studying. You could always refresh your memory with the book or just quickly skim through it, quizzes are all on quizlet... If you check out the code just make sure to watch out for PA 13, I implemented the input validation incorrectly and lost 10 points so make sure to check out one of the later PA's to see how I correctly implemented the input validation, otherwise all the other programming assignments recieved full points and I think one or two lost a point or two. I took this class during summer which was eight weeks so if you take it during a regular semester there will probably be and extra PA or two but honestly a lot of the code was reusable in the class so take advantage of that. The class is pretty straight forward, anyone could finish with a solid A, just sit down and write the code and really understand how nodes and pointers are used in the different structures.
